UKFast Plesk Documentation Improvements and Additions (#390)
ukfast/docs.ukfast.co.uk: source/operatingsystems/linux/controlpanels/plesk_mysql.md

# Connecting to MySQL via SSH

In Linux, the most commonly used method of connecting to MySQL is by using the `mysql` command within the command line interface.

> You are unable to do that on a server using Plesk as it's control panel, when you type `mysql` and hit enter you will be greeted with an Access Denied message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are unable to do that on a server using Plesk, however. When you type `mysql` and hit enter you will be greeted with an Access Denied message.
```
